Hello everyone, today we can try
see what a typical exercise is
of figural logic is very common in
test for the Catholic and see how it can
be the solution
see that there are a sequence of
four tables 4 grids and the point of
application indicated which of the five
proposed alternatives is the exact one
the first thing we can notice is that
are there to get to the solution
basically two elements that there
helps as you see we have a small square
black that moves in this grid and
then also letters in the various
squares these letters obviously not
the first thing you can do is at random
to say is that the grid we see is from
interpret as if it were a shout of
a naval battle
just instead of the number of
letter numbers in this case there
are numbers both vertically and in
horizontal
let's go for example to write for
understand the former better will be an excuse
if I write badly there are four so if
will go abced it
as you can see by crossing the elements
we will be on the column b and the dam c
so here he tells us cp well in this with
the same scheme
in the first first square at the top a
left will be just like here column e
row then here then in the latter
this last, indeed, excuse the
column of rivas b and therefore a consequence
obviously striped column b then a
first element that we can follow s
among the alternatives proposed the sequence
of letters within the
valentino is correct or not for example
see then we have spare parts and column
well this is right so let's say that
this square this is action one
as for the letters it is one
possible solution
another option here city ha ha like in
this case is therefore also correct
this line 5 column b is also correct
this is the same then the
we can accept this as you see
instead it returns line city ​​is right and
column b instead the column therefore has
so this is definitely not one
possible solution
we excluded one of the five
alternatives
let us therefore see the second element which
that can lead us to the solution that is
practically in the sequence you imagine
that these four grids are as if
were a sequence of dominoes for
example of domino tiles so there is
obviously a logic that follows from
this one first to this other and so on
obviously this logic must be then
valid and then follow also for
the last we see how it moves to this
square you see who moves to
this style in the second case in this one
position
if we went to draw here we will see
that is, that is, it takes a path to
if you think chess is a bit on
the movement that the horse makes from it
position you see in the third case yes
move down here and look again
always keeping the first as a base again
moves there
so it basically means that the
movement of the horse is movement
right from the latter moves here and there
so you see that it still moves like
if he were a horse then he comes here
what does that mean practically from
this position which is the one to which
we arrived here the next will have to
be compatible with a movement to
horizontally or vertically as if
was indeed a horse on the
chessboard then from here we can see
we drew it maybe this is not it
our position can arrive
drawing an elle at this position
obviously not so this can be done too
to exclude
from here we can get to this
position yes this is the solution
correct because it gives us the opportunity to
move from here to this position of
little square following what they are
also the movement of the horse therefore the
r and more in the box you see there
are two letters in the correct position
that is, column and row to make a test
again to exclude also the alternative
3 alternative 4 we see that from this
position that reminds me of it is always this
therefore the redesign also here is not
possible with an elle to get to this
position because for example an elle
so it would come here is another
so here we can do this too
to exclude
and also this alternative 4 always for
the same reasoning by doing a
movement to
this square cannot be reached
so this too will then be resurrected
the correct alternative is the 2
obviously we have seen of
but exclude them all when you are of
hurry and of course you want to solve
this
exercise fast enough that you come
which of the two possibilities of solutions
that is, the position of the letters in
this case has helped us a little because of it
there were 4 of the tangible countries on 5 15 ha
write permission just remember
this is an alternative and among others
what is practically the path instead
of the square from which we can see
precisely what we can exclude or
when among the proposed alternatives
we find the first is obviously him too
because it satisfies the two conditions ie
the letters in the box and the position
of the movement of the black square
then it's the solution is everything
see you later